resser
The
I...
...want...
...to...
...die...
...in...
...a...
...mourning.
Ah, this is a good one.
What can I say?
Do you think it's such a
humble
and honest person?
The other day,
I heard from the son of a rice shop owner
that you could buy
a lot of rice
with your mother's skills.
I thought it was a good idea
to buy a lot of rice
with your mother's skills.
But I said
I don't need it.
So I asked
if you could
buy me
a lot of rice
and a lot of rice
with your mother's skills.
Your mother's skills
are not bad.
But you can't
buy a lot of rice
with your mother's skills.
If you can't
buy a lot of rice
with your mother's skills,
you can't buy a lot of rice
with your mother's skills.
Look at this.
He's not even
a little poor.
Besides,
he's not even
a little poor.
Besides,
he's not even
a little poor.
I wonder
if he can
buy me
a lot of rice
with his mother's skills.
I'm not sure
if he can
buy me
a lot of rice
with his mother's skills.
I'm not sure
if he can
buy me
a lot of rice
with his mother's skills.
I'm not even
a little poor.
Besides,
he's not even
a little poor.
Besides,
he's not even
a little poor.
Thank you for watching!